[Guide] Intro & Quickstart guide (#9263)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/guide/intro.rst

Virtual environment (or "venv") is a concept introduced in Python 3.3 used to help separate project dependencies from the global Python installation, thereby not polluting
other projects using the same Python version. They also allow you to install libraries that you may not have permission to install globally.

To quickly get a virtual environment working in your project folder:

1. Ensure you are in your project's root directory.

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ cd your_bot_source
        $ python3 -m venv .venv

    The ``.venv`` argument is the output folder of the virtual environment, this can be named anything but be sure to remember it.

2. Activate the virtual environment:

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ source .venv/bin/activate

    On Windows, use the following:

    .. code-block:: pwsh

        $ .\.venv\Scripts\activate

3. You can then use ``pip`` and ``python`` without interfering with other projects:

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ pip install -U discord.py  # note the lack of ``py -3 -m`` or ``python3 -m``
        $ python your_bot.py

> For a more in-depth look into virtual environments, see :doc:`py:tutorial/venv`.

Reviewer: I personally feel like it's be nice to have this, even if it's redundant. I've been referred to the virtual environment documentation in the past, but it just feels like there's too much I'd have to learn in order to use a virtual environment, even if it is as simple as it appears to be. The guide in the commit gives a short, simple introduction anyone can use without spending a lot of time figuring out how it works.

Of course, when something goes wrong (as it inevitably will), they'll have to learn more (and this might involve them reaching out to community members), but I think that having this will be a net good. It'll get people's foot in the door and give them a chance to start learning about `venv`s.

> For a more in-depth look into virtual environments, see :doc:`py:tutorial/venv`.

Author: Sorry for the necro.

I do understand that point, and to some extent I agree. I'll leave it to the open forum of users to maybe 👍 or 👎 to let us know.
Unless there's an executive decision made on it.

> For a more in-depth look into virtual environments, see :doc:`py:tutorial/venv`.

Reviewer 2: I personally don't mind it, I realize I haven't contributed much to these docs but I always see the use in fully fleshed-out introductions.

Given that this is specifically called out in the "intro" section I feel we should definitely be giving as much help as we can

:orphan:

.. currentmodule:: discord

.. _guide_intro:

Introduction
=============

Welcome to discord.py, a library for Python to aid in creating applications for Discord.

Prerequisites
--------------

> To install discord.py you'll need Python version 3.8.0 or later.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To install discord.py you'll need Python 3.8 or higher. Support for earlier versions of Python is not supported.
```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To install discord.py you'll need Python 3.8 or higher. Earlier versions of Python are not supported.
```
Fixed typo in Danny's suggested change

.. _guide_intro_installation:

Installation
-------------

On Unix systems you can run the following command to install discord.py from PyPI.

.. code-block:: shell

    python3 -m pip install -U discord.py

On Windows systems, you can use the following command instead.

.. code-block:: shell

    py -3 -m pip install -U discord.py

Voice Support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Voice support (e.g. joining voice channels and playing music) is not supported by default, and can be installed by installing ``discord.py[voice]`` instead of ``discord.py``; ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Voice support (e.g. playing audio in voice channels) is not enabled by default and can be enabled by installing ``discord.py[voice]`` instead of ``discord.py``. ::
```

    pip install -U discord.py[voice]

.. note::

    Linux systems may need to install additional dependencies via your package manager to get full voice support.

    On Debian and Ubuntu systems:

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ sudo apt install libffi-dev libsodium-dev python3-dev

    For Fedora and CentOS systems:

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ sudo dnf install libffi-devel libsodium-devel python3-devel

    For Arch Linux systems:

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ pacman -Syu libsodium

>     For other distributions, please use your package manager to find libraries for ``libffi``, ``libsodium``, and the Python 3 development headers.

Reviewer 3: Remove the admonition.

Virtual environment (or "venv") is a concept introduced in Python 3.3 used to help separate project dependencies from the global Python installation, thereby not polluting
other projects using the same Python version. They also allow you to install libraries that you may not have permission to install globally.

To quickly get a virtual environment working in your project folder:

1. Ensure you are in your project's root directory.

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ cd your_bot_source
        $ python3 -m venv .venv

    The ``.venv`` argument is the output folder of the virtual environment, this can be named anything but be sure to remember it.

2. Activate the virtual environment:

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ source .venv/bin/activate

    On Windows, use the following:

    .. code-block:: pwsh

        $ .\.venv\Scripts\activate

3. You can then use ``pip`` and ``python`` without interfering with other projects:

    .. code-block:: shell

        $ pip install -U discord.py  # note the lack of ``py -3 -m`` or ``python3 -m``

>         $ python your_bot.py

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
        $ python3 your_bot.py
```
Maybe this is just my fucked up path (on macos in a venv) but python by itself doesn't work
